Add zoom meeting whitelist (#56)
67P/hubot-kredits: README.md

[kredits-contracts]: https://github.com/67P/kredits-contracts
[GitHub OAuth app]: https://developer.github.com/apps/about-apps/#about-oauth-apps

### Zoom

> The Zoom integation creates contributions for meeting participations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Zoom integration creates contributions for meeting participations.
```

Every meeting that is longer than 15 minutes and with more than 2 participants will be registered.
An optional meeting whitelist can be configured to create contributions only for specific meetings.

#### Setup

> A Zoom app has to be setup and an [event webhook subscription](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/webhook-reference/meeting-events/meeting-ending")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Zoom JWT app has to be set up and an [event webhook subscription](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/webhook-reference/meeting-events/meeting-ending")
```
